PLATUI-1554: update report technical issue component (#155)
hmrc/play-frontend-hmrc: CHANGELOG.md

For compatibility information see `govukFrontendVersion` and `hmrcFrontendVersion` in
[LibDependencies](project/LibDependencies.scala)

## [2.0.0] - 2022-01-18

### Removed

> - Major version has been bumped because this is the first release since we've had to remove builds for Play2.6 and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Major version has been bumped because this is the first release since we've had to remove builds for Play 2.6 and
```

>   Play2.7 from our release process. No breaking API changes have been made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Play 2.7 support from the library. No breaking API changes have been made.
```
